**Artifact Description**<br>
	The artifact I used for this enhancement is from CS-405 Software Reverse Engineering. The project was to convert a program designed in binary to assembly then convert from assembly to C++. I finished this project last term and was the second project in the class. The program allows for users to sign-in and edit the investment options for customers from brokerage accounts to retirement accounts and vice versa.<br>
**Artifact Justification**<br>
	The reason I chose this artifact was to show I learned how to reverse engineer code. I used this artifact to convert the program from C++ to Java. One component that showcases my skills and abilities was converting the vector in C++ to a list in Java. It took me a bit of time to figure out how to convert the vector since it has been a bit of time since I used Java, but I was able to figure it out by looking at a book that I have that talks about Java. Once I figured that part out, the rest was super simple by using a scanner to read the input from the user to having the code broken up into multiple different methods to keep the main method from getting big and becoming a mess.<br>
	By converting the program to Java, it would help new programmers see how a Java program can be very easy to build with the right training and teaching. The artifact was improved by allowing the code to be written in a beginner language so that new and old programmers can improve the program even further by enabling connections to databases and including better security.<br>

**Course Objectives**<br>
	For the objective of “Design and evaluate computing solutions that solve a given problem using algorithmic principles and computer science practices and standards appropriate to its solution while managing the trade-offs involved in design choices.”, I am sure to have met this objective by converting the algorithms used in the C++ version of the program to the Java version. Most of the algorithms stayed the same from C++ to Java. One algorithm that did change was the find_if. In C++, this was used to start at the beginning of the vector, end at the end of the vector, then get the new choice selected and set that in the vector. This had to be changed in Java to using the stream function followed be filter to get the ID of each customer, then findFirst to find the right ID, then ifPresent to change the actual choice. <br> 
	For the objective of “Develop a security mindset that anticipates adversarial exploits in software architecture and designs to expose potential vulnerabilities, mitigate design flaws, and ensure privacy and enhanced security of data and resources.”, I do not believe I achieved this one because I could’ve done more to improve the security of the program. I will achieve this objective next enhancement with connecting HTML/PHP to MongoDB to better protect the data being moved back and forth.<br>
**Artifact Enhancement and Modification**<br>
	There were many things I learned throughout this enhancement; the biggest one being relearning how to program in Java. It has been about six years since I have used Java completely, and it took me a little bit of time to relearn everything. One challenge I had that I had to look up to remember was how to get a list set-up correctly to use the correct constructor for the class needed.
