**Artifact Description**<br>
	The artifact I created for this enhancement was a HTML/PHP Shell for MySQL. This artifact was thought of when the term began but was finally finished today through many hours of trial and error with relearning some of the syntax for both HTML/PHP and MySQL due to the nature of how finicky the queries can be.<br>
    The original plan was to use MongoDB as the back end for the web app, but unfortunately did not work out due to MongoDB not having much documentation online on how best to connect to the database through PHP. Everything I did find was for older versions that are now outdated for a database to use. Once I restarted the project with MySQL, things seemed to be a bit better in terms of wiring the two sides together. I did have one issue that I was able to fix that I will describe later.<br>
**Justification of Inclusion**<br>
	I wanted to showcase my ability as a low-level full-stack developer with this enhancement since that is what I previously went to college for. Some of the components that help showcase my skills and abilities are the JOINs that I used in my queries to link three tables together via the userID in each table with them being linked inside the database. Another skill would be using the isset() method. This method helps determine if the button was pressed, and if $_POST was called, to ensure the user of the system wants to add a new user array to the database.<br>
**Course Objectives**<br>
	For the objective I missed last week, “Develop a security mindset that anticipates adversarial exploits in software architecture and designs to expose potential vulnerabilities, mitigate design flaws, and ensure privacy and enhanced security of data and resources.”, I am sure to have met this by encrypting the user’s password to ensure that when a user tries to log in, their password is not sent through the network in plaintext and is rather sent after being encrypted. For the objective of “Employ strategies for building collaborative environments that enable diverse audiences to support organizational decision-making in the field of computer science.” I am sure to have met this one since I had to make a last-minute decision to switch gears since PHP and MongoDB did not want to work together correctly for me. <br>
**Reflection**<br>
	Overall, creating this artifact was a lot of fun for me even with the difficulties found with MongoDB and PHP not working correctly. I learned a bit more about MongoDB than I thought I would. I did face one issue with my edit_user file that was causing a fatal error but was fixed with changing one line of code inside a query that shouldn’t have been in the file to start.<br>
	The reason I started to think about needing to switch database models was because MongoDB was not connecting through PHP. The documentation on the official MongoDB website I feel was designed for an older version that has since been updated and changed a lot, but the documentation hasn’t been updated since. Luckily, I was able to switch gears and go back to my roots with SQL to get this enhancement complete and submitted before the deadline.
