Artifact Descriptiom
    The artifact I used was the prototype thermostat project from CS-350 (Emerging System Architecture & Technology). We were to use the CCS3220S Launchpad to develop a program that used the temperature sensor on the board to make the board work like a thermostat with only heat control. This project was finished at the end of April 2024.
Artifact Justification
	I chose this artifact for the ePortfolio to show how I have worked with micro-processors on the off-chance that I am working on micro-processors in the future to show that programming for this new form of technology is not as hard as it sounds. There were a few specific components that showcase my skills in software development. One of them was to be able to determine how to properly calculate the temperature being read from the sensor since we were not given the correct equation for it. I added a piece of code to convert the program from being a heat-only system to being a mini-split system to allow for the prototype thermostat to control both heat and air conditioning.
Course Objectives
	For the objective of “Design, Develop, and deliver professional-quality oral, written, and visual communications that are coherent, technically sound, and appropriately adapted to specific audiences and contexts”, I am sure to have met the objective with this enhancement. For the objective of “Demonstrate an ability to use well-founded and innovative techniques, skills, and tools in computing practices for the purpose of implementing computer solutions that deliver value and accomplish industry-specific goals”, I am sure to have met this one also by allowing the program to notify the user if the system is calling for heat or A/C by using a method called snprintf and DISPLAY to ensure the user can tell which setting is active.
Artifact Enhancement and Modification
	I learned a few things while working on this enhancement. One thing that I learned is that when using the UART and I2C components, the board does not allow the use of multiple LEDs to enable better support for the user to know which setting is being called. This was also a challenge for me because the way I was hoping to allow the user to know is by using the red LED for heat and the green LED for A/C. It also has been a little while since I used the program so I had to reteach myself some of the syntax to ensure the program would handle what I was asking it to do. If I was to ever re-create this program, I would find a board that supports using UART, I2C, and multiple LEDs to ensure better support for the customers that would use this product.
