Throughout my time at SNHU, I have learned many aspects about computer science that I was not expecting to realize can help me further my development in the program, like learning how to program a basic AI model. I didn't have many chances at SNHU to be in a team environment since I was doing all of my work online, but I did have a major project that was team-based at my previous college that was designed for everyone to showcase what they knew in terms of each program offered. That project involved many aspects, including talking to stakeholders, data structures, databases, and cyber security measures to protect sensitive information. During my time at SNHU, I used my skills in data structures and databases to help me in the classes that used those skills to be able to also help my classmates when they weren't sure what was needed to be done, so I helped teach them some of the topics that we were learning. Even though I didn't have a class that utilized having people on a team, I was able to refine these skills at my current workplace to be able to better communicate with my team to ensure everything got done in a timely manner.<br>

The artifacts I selected demonstrate many aspects of my talents and abilities in programming. I chose these artifacts to showcase my hardest projects that also show how I overcame any challenges that I faced during my time at SNHU. My first artifact was first designed as a prototype thermostat that could only control heat control. I upgraded the program by adding A/C control to further develop the prototype one step closer to full launch. It was fully programmed using C++ with Texas Instruments' CCS3220S launchpad. The second artifact I chose was designed in C++ for Software Reverse Engineering. The project was to reverse engineer a program from Assembly to C++. The enhancement I did was converting the program from C++ to Java, which I hadn't used in a few years. The third enhancement I completed was building an HTML/PHP front-end with a MySQL back-end. This allowed me to connect the front-end UI with the back-end database. I integrated three tables in the database together and used them to show the data on the front-end for users to access.<br>

There were five main course objectives for this project: Employ strategies for building collaborative environments that enable diverse audiences to support organizational decision making in the field of computer science, Design, develop, and deliver professional-quality oral, written, and visual communications that are coherent, technically sound, and appropriately adapted to specific audiences and contexts, Design and evaluate computing solutions that solve a given problen using algorithmic priciples and computer science practices and standards appropriate to its solution, while managing the trade-offs involved in design choices, Demonstrate an ability to use well-founded and innovative techniques, skills, and tools in computing practices for the purpose of implementing computer solutions that deliver value and accomplish industry-specific goals, and Develop a security mindset that anticipates adversarial exploits in software architecture and designs to expose potential vulnerabilities, mitigate design flaws, and ensure privacy and enhanced security of data and resources. <br>
With Enhancement One, I completed the objective of Design, develop, and deliver professional-quality oral, written, and visual communications that are coherent, technically sound, and appropriately adapted to specific audiences and contexts and the objective of Demonstrate an ability to use well-founded and innovative techniques, skills, and tools in computing practices for the purpose of implementing computer solutions that deliver value and accomplish industry-specific goals by allowing the program to notify the user whether the thermostat was calling for heat or A/C by using the snprintf and DISPLAY features included in the coding methods for TI launchpads so users could easily see what the thermostat was asking the HVAC system for.<br>

With Enhancement Two, I completed the objecive of Design and evaluate computing solutions that solve a given problem using algorithmic principles and computer science practices and standards appropriate to its solution while managing the trade-offs involved in design choices. The way I accomplished this objective was using Java's built-in functions to convert the algorithms from C++ methods to be able to search the vector/list included in the program to display what the client selected and to also be able to change their choice as needed.<br>

With Enhancement Three, I completed the objective of Develop a security mindset that anticipates adversarial exploits in software architecture and designs to expose potential vulnerabilities, mitigate design flaws, and ensure privacy and enhanced security of data and resources and the objective of Employ strategies for building collaborative environments that enable diverse audiences to support organizational decision-making in the field of computer science. For the first objective, I used PHP's crypt function to encrypt the user's password in the database to ensure that when the user was signing in, their password did not go through the network as plaintext, rather a string of characters that had no way of being decrypted if detected. I stored the hash string in a separate table that would only be called when required to ensure that table is not able to be detected from outside the development systems. For the second objective, I had to make a last-minute choice to switch database structures because MongoDB was not wanting to work with my PHP driver.<br>

Reflecting on the experiences I've had throughout this project, I've learned many things. One thing I learned very quick is to not wait until the last-minute to try and get a whole project done. I almost did with Enhancement Three, and I feel that if I had more time on that enhancement I would've had a more refined user interface that wouldn't look very basic. Another thing I learned from every professor and instructor at SNHU is that we have the power to transform the field in a meaningful way, we just have to know the right tools to use for the job.
